
If you should see what you think to be a bug, please visit 
		http://prbh.org/bugs/

Please remember when reporting a bug that information counts.  Since
we have not yet mastered the skill of mind-reading, you should not
assume that we know anything about your situation.  We have seen some 
things that look absolutely strange to us, but are perfectly normal 
to the user. It is best for you to take the stance that we dont know 
that much about your operating system, so you should try to start at 
the beginning and clue us in.  Thanks a bunch. |8^)

Please include as much as possible of the following information in your
bug report.  Bug reports with insufficient information are frustrating
for everybody involved.  This list was compiled to help you help us the
most effectively:

Describe your computer:
	Hardware type?
	Operating System? (try uname -a)
	Your compiler (if gcc, include version)
	What scripts/script packs you run (lice, darkstar, obv, etc)
	Anything else you think might be helpful.

When did the problem occur?
	* Configure time (dies while running configure)
    If it is configure time, please include a cut and paste of everything
    that appears on your screen from the line when you type "./configure"
    until you see your prompt again.  Please do not leave out any
    lines, for any line may contain very important information!

	* Compiler time (dies when you type 'make')
    If it is at compile time, please include a cut and paste of
    everything that appears on your screen from the line when you 
    type 'make' until you see your prompt again.  Please do not leave
    out any lines, for any line may contain very important information!

	* Run time (You got a "CRITICAL PROTECTION ERROR")
	* Run time (You got a "PANIC" message)
	* Run time (non-fatal logic bug)
    If it is at run time, please try to describe as best you can what
    you were doing when the client malfunctioned.  Had you just run 
    a command?  Can you duplicate the error?  What seems to cause the
    error in your best judgement?  Have you found anything else
    that independantly causes this same problem?  Bugs that can be 
    reproduced are the easiest bugs to fix.

Can you get a stack trace?
    If EPIC crashed, and you can recreate the crash, run EPIC under a debugger
    (such as gdb) and get a stack trace and include that in your bug report.
    Under normal circumstances, EPIC will not create a corefile, so you must 
    run EPIC under a debugger in order to get a stack trace.

    When a "PANIC" or "CRITICAL PROTECTION ERROR" occurs, sometimes EPIC will
    be able to tell you what ircII commands were executing at the time of the
    crash.  If you see any message that says "INCLUDE THE ABOVE IMPORTANT
    INFORMATION" or "stack trace", please include that in your bug report.

Is there anything else you think would be helpful?


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
About the software:  EPIC is a fork of ircII-2.8.2.  ircII was originally 
written by Michael Sandroff, and then later developed by Troy Rollo and 
Matthew Green.  This distribution came from EPIC Software Labs (epicsol.org)
who maintains it in stewardship of The EPIC Project.

"EPIC" is an unregistered trademark of The EPIC Project
"ESL" and "EPICSOL" are unregistered trademarks of EPIC Software Labs
This product is (ircII) EPIC4-1.1.* 

<EOF>
